---
title: "#102 Human in 1000 years"
author: Brandon Tsai
---


<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Cs1uud8HiCQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Vocabulary
========

<iframe src="https://quizlet.com/571868340/flashcards/embed?i=7u4xy&x=1jj1" height="500" width="100%" style="border:0"></iframe>

Notes
======

1. **Technology**: Scientists predict that within the next few years, computers will not only be able to speak and interact, but `listen and remember`.

1. **Transhumanism**: Nanobots (tiny robots) will be subtly integrated into our body enhancing `our own ablities`. 
No longer will we be limited by our own physiology, but truly become a mixture of `biology and machine on the inside` .

1. **Utility fog**: Imagine countless microscopic robots which can be rearranged into virtually any configuration almost instantaneously. Building could be constructed as necessary and disassembled when `space was needed for something else`. 

1. **Languages**: The 7000 languages that are spoken globally will likely dip under `100`. 

1. Temperature: Increased temperatures may also affect our `size`.

1. **Mutation**: What new traits from mutation may arise? Name 2.
  - `new eye color`
  - `unique abilities`

1. **Artificial selection**: Why will we modify babies’ genes before birth?
  - `eliminate diseases they may carry`

1. **Colonization**: What is an inevitable part of our future? 
  - `space colonization`

1. **Conquer death**: By scanning our brain


What do you think?

### Observe the first intelligent species through the space telescope and A.I.:
- The Hubble Space Telescope was the first astronomical observatory and it can see about 10-15 billion light-years away.
- The first intelligent species might be 3000 billion light-years away.

### Transhumanism:
- nanochips help to communication/translation between different languages.
- No need to leatn English
- Write articles/Draw pictures on your brains directlly.

### Nanobots and AI do most common surgery.
- Broken Bone Repair
- Heart Bypass surgery
- in the treatment chamber: No bacterial infections risk.
### Artificial Selection and robotic pregnancy, even more, body organs cloning
- no need to donate blood,
- replace body organ with cloned one, you does not need to wait for other one's donation.

### space colonization/immigration:
- Earth is not suitable for human hibitation due to the climate change or the nuclear war
- Self-sufficient ecosystem in the spaceship

