Part 1
======


Place You Live
Where do you live?
What do you like most about the place?
What are some changes in the area you'd like?
Did you ever live in the countryside?
How did you feel about living in the countryside?
Would you like to live in the countryside again?

---

Where you live:
Do you live in a city or a town?
What is the best thing about where you live?
Do you know many people who live near you?
How do you think your city/town could be improved?

---

Home country
Which part of your country do you live in?
What makes you feel proud of your country?
Do you know the history of your country well?
Will you live in your country or abroad in the future?

---

The area you live in
Do you like the area that you live in?
What are some changes in the area recently?
Where do you like to go in your area?
Are there any famous people in your area?


---

Parks
Q1: How often do you go to a park?
Q2: What activities do you do in a park?
Q3: Do you prefer small parks or big parks?
Q4: Do people in your country like going to parks?


Part 2 & 3
==========

Describe a city you went to recently.

You should say
where it is
when you went there
why you went there
and explain how you felt about it.

---

Describe a lively place.

You should say:
where this place is
who you went there with
what you did there
and explain why you think it was lively.

---

Describe a place you visited that is affected by
pollution.

You should say:
where it is
when you visited this place
what kinds of pollution you saw there
and explain how this place is affected by pollution.

---

Describe a crowded place you’ve been to
You should say:

when you went there
where the place is (or, was)
who you went therewith
and explain how you felt about the place.

Why do a lot of people enjoy going to crowded places?
Where (or what) would you say is the most crowded place in your city?
Would you say it’s important for a city to have amusement (and/or recreational) facilities?
Why do you think people choose to live in big cities (despite certain problems)?
How do you think cities overseas are different from those in your country?
Would you say urban planning is important?




Casual Talk
=========

