
Part 1
=======

1. Are there many museums in your hometown?
2. Do you think museums are useful for visitors to your hometown?
3. Do you often visit a museum?
4. Did you go to any museums when you were a child?
5. Do you think museums are important?
6. Do you think it’s suitable for museums to sell things to visitors?
7. When was the last time you visited a museum?
8. Are there many museums in your country?
9. Do you think museums are useful for visitors?
10. Do you often visit museum?
11. Did you go to any museums when you were a child?
12. When was the last time you visited a museum?
13. Do you think museums are important?


Part 2 & 3
=======


> Describe a museum that you have visited.
> You should say:
> 
> - when you visited the museum
> - describe the museum
> - how you felt after going there
>
> and describe your experience of the visit.


Part 3 – Two-way discussion:
Q. How often do you visit museums?
Q. What type of museum is popular in your country?
Q. What do you think of the importance of museums in history?
Q. How do you think of the heritage of a country?
Q. Compare museums nowadays and in the past.
Q. Have you ever been to a foreign museum?
Q: What are the tourist attractions in your city?


Vocabulary
=========

https://quizlet.com/565863802/2021-speaking-museum-flash-cards/?new



Notes
========

**Exhibition**
collections
Museums can **collect** and **preserve** antique art crafts appropriately.
**cater**
the most **appealing** things

Natural History Museum
- **dinosaurs**
- **fossil**
- **extinct** animals
- **specimen** of endangered species
- **evolve**: Are humans just an evolved animal?
- animal evolution = animal adaptations


**Archaeology**（Human History） Museum
- **primitive** man
- **antique** vase
- Ancient utensils/cookwares
- Historic site
- Preserve the culture of the aboriginal **inhabitants** /**indigenous** people

**military** history museum
- gun
- cannon
- spear and shield

**aviation** museum
- **space shuttle**
- **satellite**
- space **telescope**

Moden Art Museum
- **artefacts**

botanical garden
zoological garden

