Part 1
======

Maths
Do you think maths is difficult?
Do you enjoy studying maths?
Will you study maths in the future?
How important is studying maths in your country?

Let’s now discuss numbers and maths
Q1: Are you good at maths?
Q2: How often do you need to use maths?
Q3: What is your favorite number?
Q4: Are you good at remembering phone numbers?

Let’s talk about science classes
Q1: Do you like learning about science?
Q2: Did you study science at school?
Q3: What kind of science classes did you take at school?
Q4: Do you think science is important?

Now let’s discuss history
Q1: Do you like learning about history?
Q2: When was the last time you read about history?
Q3: Did you like history when you were young?
Q4: Have you ever been to any history museums?



Part 2 & 3
===========

Describe an area of science (physics, biology, psychology, etc.) that interests you
You should say
What it is
When you knew it
How you learned it
And explain why you are interested

What’s the best invention in the past one hundred years?
What’s the influence of science on human life?
What can individuals do for scientific research?
What influence can international cooperation in science bring about?
Scientific progress does nothing but harm the environment, what’s your view?

---

DESCRIBE THE TIME WHEN YOU FIRST TALKED IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE
You should say:
Where you were
Who you were with
What you talked about
And explain how you felt about it

Part 3
1 At what age should children start learning a foreign language?
2 Which skill is more important, speaking or writing ?
3 Does a person still need to learn other languages, if he or she is good at English?
4 Do you think minority languages will disappear?




DESCRIBE A PRIZE THAT YOU RECEIVED
You should say:
What it was
When you received it
What you did for it
and explain how you felt about it

Part 3
1 What kind of prizes do students get in your country?
2 What are the benefits of giving people prizes?
3 What are the best ways for companies to reward employees?
4 are there any kinds of drawbacks of giving prizes or rewards to people?

---

DESCRIBE A SKILL THAT YOU THINK YOU CAN TEACH OTHER PEOPLE
You should say:
What it is
When you learned it
How you can teach others
and explain why people need this skill

Part 3
1 What qualities should teachers have?
2 Is it helpful if teachers use humour when they teach?
3 Which do you think is more important to teach, practical skills or academic skills?
4 Which age group is the best at learning new things?

---

Describe a person who taught you a skill
You should say:
Who this person was
What the skill was
How you learned it
And explain how you felt about this person

What skills should children learn before school?
What’s the difference between the roles of teachers and parents in education?
How do adults learn a new skill?
Is the internet good for learning new skills?
Is it more important for students to be taught academic skills or so-called soft skills?
What skills does a good teacher need?

---

DESCRIBE A TIME WHEN YOU SAW CHILDREN BEHAVE BADLY IN PUBLIC
You should say:
Where it was
What the children were doing
How others reacted to it
and explain how you felt about it

Part 3
1 What kinds of bad behavior do children usually have?
2How should parents stop their children from behaving badly in public?
3 Are parents these days stricter than those in the past?
4 Whose influence on children is more important, friends’ or parents’?

---

DESCRIBE YOUR FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL
You should say:
When it was
Where you were
What happened
and explain how you felt during that day.

PART 3
1 Do you think most people enjoy the first day of school?
2 What are some common challenges that people face when starting school?
3 What are some ways to reduce these challenges?
4 Do you think students should be taken to school by their parents or go by themselves?

---

DESCRIBE A TIME YOU NEEDED TO USE YOUR IMAGINATION
You should say:
When it was
Why you needed to use imagination
How difficult or easy it was
And explain how you felt about it

Part 3
1 What school subjects are helpful for developing children’s imagination?
2 Do you think reading novels helps develop children’s imagination?
2 Do children have better imaginations than adults?
4 What kinds of jobs need imagination?

---

DESCRIBE A TOY YOU LIKED IN YOUR CHILDHOOD
You should say:
What kind of toy it is
When you received it
How you played with it
and how you felt about it

PART 3
1 How do advertisements influence children?
2 ShouId advertising aimed at children be prohibited?
3 What’s the difference between toys nowadays and those in the past?
4 Do you think children these days have too many toys?

