

Part 2 &  3
==============


DESCRIBE A TIME WHEN YOU GAVE ADVICE TO SOMEONE
You should say:
When it was
Who you gave the advice
What the advice was
and explain why you gave the advice

PART 3

What types of advice do young people often need?
Is it good to ask for advice from strangers online?
What jobs often involve giving advice to others?
What are the problems might occur if you ask too many people for advice?

----


Describe a good decision you made recently.
You should say:
What it was
When you made it
What the result was
And explain how you felt about it

- Part 3
Do you think that parents should make important decisions for their children?
Is it good for children to make decisions when they're young?
At what age can children make decisions on their own?
How can older people or parents help young people make their own decisions wisely?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of making decisions about the future at a young age?
Do parents in your country allow their children to make important decisions about their future?
Do you think parents should make important decisions for their children?
Do you think it's a good idea to make decisions when one is feeling strong emotions, or is it better to make decisions when one's emotions are not strong?
Which do you think is better to make decisions quickly or to make decisions slowly?
What's the difference between decisions that children and adults make?
What decisions do people make every day?
When do people change their decisions?
Does a change of the decision mean that what you did previously failed?
Should people always stick to their decisions?
How can people improve their decision making skills?
What skills are necessary when making decisions?
What do you think are the qualities of a good leader or a good decision maker?
How do you think computers will change the way people make decisions?
Do you think decision making today is different to decision making in the past?