---
title: "#3 Home"
author: Brandon Tsai
date: 2021-02-03
category: Jekyll
layout: post
---

Part 1
======


Your House/Home
- Do you live in a house or an apartment?
- What do you like about your house?
- What would you like to change in your house?
- What is your favourite room in your house?
- Would you like to move to a different home in the future?


Part 2 & 3
==========


Describe an interesting house or apartment that you have visited. You should say
where the house or apartment was 
who lived there  
what it looked like on the outside and/or inside 
And explain why you found this house or apartment interesting.

PART 3
- Do you think it's better to rent or to buy a place to live in?
- How are relations between neighbors different in cities and in the countryside
- Do most people in your hometown live in a house or a flat/apartment? Why?
- Do you agree that there is a right age for young adults to stop living with their parents?
- Do you think it is very expensive to make a home look nice?
- What options are available to young couples looking for accommodation in your country?


Describe a tall building you like or dislike.

You should say:
where it is
what it is used for
what it looks like
and explain why you like or dislike it.

PART 3
DIFFERENT TYPES OF HOME:
In what ways is living in a flat/apartment better than living in a house?
Do you think homes will look different in the future?
Do you agree that the kinds of homes people prefer change as they get older?


Casual Talk
=========

- Why type of accommodtion are popular in Korea? How's the price of apartment in Seoul?
- Let's talk about (half basement) apartment in the movie "패러사이트/Parasite"
- Do most students live in ”One room tel（원룸텔）“ to prepare text?
- Does University provide dormitory for students?
- What type of accommodation does university student rent?
- Do man need to prepare car and house/apartment for marriage?
- The family with 3 children does not need to pay Mortgage？


Vocabulary
===========

Parts of House

<iframe src="https://quizlet.com/566195172/flashcards/embed?i=7u4xy&x=1jj1" height="500" width="100%" style="border:0"></iframe>


Accommodation

<iframe src="https://quizlet.com/508001223/flashcards/embed?i=7u4xy&x=1jj1" height="500" width="100%" style="border:0"></iframe>


Notes
=====

Current:
- two-bed room in a 20-storey apartment building 
- facilities within walking distance.

Dearm Home:
- House or Villa in rural area.
- `contemporary`, `fashionable`
- `granite` floor, decorate with painting and antique vasts.
- spacious kitchen and `pantry` for `kitchen gadgets` and `electronic products`
- `amenity`
  - Private `jetty` -> fishing, sailing
  - swmming pool -> soothing, relaxing


Future / Smart home:
  - smart household appliance and automatic device will be more `commonplace`
  - New building will be more `sturdy` and `durable` to against the extreme/severe weather and climate events, such as flooding, tsunami and earchquake.
  - Energy effeicency
  - levitate house -> float on water


Famous Building: Taipei 101

- a supertall `skyscraper`
- The building also expresses its Chinese character in its `resemblance` to a stalk of bamboo
- The lowest `aboveground` floors of Taipei 101 house a luxury `atrium` shopping mall. 
- Most of the floors above the mall are `devoted` to office space.
- The structure regularly appears as an icon of Taipei in international media, 
- The Taipei 101 fireworks displays are a regular feature of New Year's Eve `broadcasts`.
- respect = admire = `revere` 


House location matters the most
- vary from people to people
- calm and peaceful -> `harmonious`
- it might **cost a fortune**